THE FINAL FRONTIER.
Kirk: SPACE:
OF THE STARSHIP ENTERPRISE.
THESE ARE THE VOYAGES
TO EXPLORE STRANGE NEW WORLDS,
ITS FIVE-YEAR MISSION:
AND NEW CIVILIZATIONS,
TO SEEK OUT NEW LIFE
WHERE NO MAN HAS GONE BEFORE.
TO BOLDLY GO
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
STARDATE 5591.2.
THE CREW OF THE ENTERPRISE
IS READY
FOR SOME WELL-DESERVED REST
AND RECREATION.
THEREFORE WE HAVE SET COURSE
"SHORE-LEAVE PLANET,"
FOR THE SO-CALLED
OMICRON DELTA REGION.
LOCATED IN THE
WAS CONSTRUCTED LONG AGO
THE UNINHABITED PLANET
BY A HIGHLY-ADVANCED
ALIEN RACE.
ITS SOLE PURPOSE IS TO PROVIDE
FUN AND AMUSEMENT
FOR SPACE-TRAVELING PASSERSBY.
BEAUTIFUL AS I REMEMBERED IT.
McCoy: AH, YES, JUST AS
NOTHING'S CHANGED.
THIS LOOKS LIKE THE SAME SPOT
ON OUR FIRST VISIT.
WE BEAMED DOWN ON
WHEN WE SAW THE WHITE RABBIT?
REMEMBER, DOCTOR,
[CHUCKLING]
YES, AND ALL BECAUSE
I SAID THIS PLACE
LIKE ALICE IN WONDERLAND.
MADE ME FEEL
ONE SIDE! ONE SIDE!
I'M LATE! I'M LATE!
AND WHISKERS, I'M LATE!
OH, MY FUZZY EARS
I BEG YOUR PARDON,
BUT DID YOU SEE
A WHITE RABBIT?
HE WENT THAT WAY, ALICE.
Alice: OH, THANK YOU
SO VERY MUCH.
LIKE YOU SAID, DOCTOR,
NOTHING'S CHANGED.
IT'S HARD TO BELIEVE
THEY'RE NOT REAL.
WELL, JUST REMEMBER, THEY'RE
HIGHLY SOPHISTICATED ROBOTS
CREATED BY THE PLANET COMPUTER
TO MAKE YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE.
SO THINK ONLY HAPPY THOUGHTS.
MY PRESCRIPTION
EXACTLY.
[HUMMING]
[UHURA CONTINUES HUMMING]
MAKE THEM LIKE THAT ANYMORE.
LOVELY. THEY JUST DON'T
OFF WITH HIS HEAD!
HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
STOP HIM!
McCoy: ENTERPRISE!
EMERGENCY! BEAM UP!
BEAM UP!
UHURA TO TRANSPORTER ROOM.
WHAT IS THE EMERGENCY?
RESPOND, PLEASE.
DOWN THERE, BONES?
WHAT HAPPENED
I CAN'T UNDERSTAND IT, JIM.
WELL, I...
EXACTLY THE SAME AS BEFORE,
EVERYTHING LOOKED
AND THE WHITE RABBIT.
EVEN ALICE
THEN AN ARMY OF PLAYING CARDS
CAME OUT OF NOWHERE,
ONLY THEY WEREN'T PLAYING.
TO ESCAPE WITH MY LIFE.
I WAS LUCKY
AND HER CARDS ARE CHARACTERS
THE QUEEN OF HEARTS
THE LOOKING GLASS, CAPTAIN.
FROM ALICE THROUGH
AS A CHILD, MR. SPOCK,
I READ THE BOOK
BUT I WASN'T AWARE
YOU INDULGED
IN THE LITERATURE OF FANTASY.
CONSIDERED RELAXING, CAPTAIN.
LIGHT READING IS
OF LEWIS CARROLL'S WORK.
PARTICULARLY FOND
MY MOTHER WAS
I SEE.
BONES, WERE YOU THINKING
ABOUT THAT BOOK?
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
AS A MATTER OF FACT
I WAS THINKING
HOW BEAUTIFUL AND PEACEFUL
EVERYTHING WAS,
AND THEN SUDDENLY THIS FEMALE
"OFF WITH HIS HEAD!"
STARTED SHOUTING,
MY HEAD.
MR. SULU, DID YOU EXPERIENCE
ANY STRANGE OCCURRENCES?
NO, SIR.
Scotty: TRANSPORTER ROOM
TO CAPTAIN KIRK.
KIRK HERE.
CAPTAIN, JUST AS I WAS GETTING
A FIX ON LIEUTENANT UHURA,
CONTACT WAS LOST.
SHE'S STILL ON THE PLANET.
-SENSOR SCAN, MR. SPOCK.
-YES, CAPTAIN.
LANDING PARTIES IMMEDIATELY.
SCOTTY, RETRIEVE ALL OTHER
TO CONTACT LIEUTENANT UHURA.
AND KEEP TRYING
AYE, SIR. SCOTT OUT.
-DATA, SPOCK?
-Spock: NOTHING, CAPTAIN.
IN THE GENERAL BEAM-DOWN AREA.
LIEUTENANT UHURA IS NOT
KEEPER OF THE PLANET?
DID ANYONE SEE HIM?
WHAT ABOUT THE
I DIDN'T. BUT THEN, HE MAY NOT
HAVE WANTED US TO SEE HIM.
WELL, THAT DOESN'T MAKE SENSE.
TO SEE NO ONE GETS HURT.
IT'S HIS DUTY
HE SHOULD BE THERE.
WRONG DOWN THERE,
IF SOMETHING'S
SOMEWHERE UNDERGROUND,
HIS QUARTERS ARE
AREN'T THEY?
THEY WOULD BE ADJACENT
TO THE COMPUTER CENTER
PRESUMABLY,
THE PLANETARY EFFECTS.
THAT OPERATES
OF WHERE THAT WOULD BE?
ANY INDICATION
THE UNDERGROUND COMPLEX
IS SHIELDED
OF GRANITE AND METAL ALLOY,
BY A COMBINATION
WILL NOT PENETRATE.
AND THE SENSORS
ALL SHORE LEAVES ARE CANCELED
Kirk: LIEUTENANT M'RESS,
UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE.
MR. AREX, YOU HAVE THE CONN.
INVESTIGATING LANDING PARTY
WILL CONSIST OF SPOCK, SULU,
McCOY, AND MYSELF.
SO YOUR MASTER WILL NOT LEAVE.
YOU ARE BEING DETAINED
Computer:
MY MASTER?
THE SKY MACHINE.
WHAT SKY MACHINE?
EXPLAIN.
YOUR INTELLIGENCE QUOTIENT
THAN I HAD ASSESSED.
MUST BE LOWER
I REFER TO THE SKY MACHINE
WHICH ENSLAVES YOU,
THE SKY MACHINE NOW IN ORBIT
AROUND THIS PLANET.
YOU MEAN THE ENTERPRISE?
THAT IS YOUR NAME FOR IT.
WHY DO YOU THINK
THE ENTERPRISE IS
MY--MY MASTER?
YOUR QUESTIONING IS REDUNDANT.
THEN I'LL MAKE A STATEMENT
QUITE SO REDUNDANT.
YOU WON'T FIND
UNLESS I'M RELEASED
IMMEDIATELY,
WILL COME LOOKING FOR ME.
THE CREW MEMBERS
THEY ARE ALREADY HERE.
UNFORTUNATELY, I HAVE NO USE
FOR MORE HOSTAGES
WHICH LEAVES ME NO CHOICE
BUT TO TURN THEM OFF.
TURN THEM OFF?
AGAIN REDUNDANT.
FUNCTION. I WILL TURN THEM OFF.
I WILL MAKE THEM CEASE TO
THAT'S MURDER.
MEANING TO CEASE TO FUNCTION?
THAT IS A WORD
-YES, BUT...
-GOOD.
I WILL TURN THEM OFF.
IT IS AS I WISH.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
WE ANTICIPATED NOTHING MORE
AND RELAXATION ON THIS PLANET.
THAN A PERIOD OF REST
INEXPLICABLY WAS ATTACKED
INSTEAD, DR. McCOY
AND LIEUTENANT UHURA
IS NOW MISSING.
KIRK HERE.
Arex: LIEUTENANT AREX, SIR.
COMPLETE SENSOR SCAN
OF THE PLANET SURFACE
OF LIEUTENANT UHURA.
SHOWS NO SIGN
THANK YOU, MR. AREX.
KIRK OUT.
IN THAT UNDERGROUND SYSTEM.
SHE MUST BE
THERE'S NO WAY SHE COULD HAVE
BEEN TAKEN OFF THE PLANET
WITHOUT BEING DETECTED.
IF WE COULD LOCATE THE KEEPER,
HE COULD SAVE US
A LOT OF TIME.
TRICORDER READINGS CONFIRM
A SOLID SHELL OF GRANITE
AND METAL ALLOY, CAPTAIN.
Kirk: THIS PLANET IS BUILT
LIKE A FORTRESS.
IF THAT'S A TRUE READING.
GIVING US THAT READING
THE PLANET COULD BE
TO FOOL US.
20 METERS OF ROCK PER MINUTE.
THE PHASER BORE
CAN CUT THROUGH
KIRK TO ENTERPRISE.
LIEUTENANT M'RESS HERE.
ENTERPRISE.
HAVE MR. SCOTT BEAM DOWN
THE PHASER BORE AND...
Kirk: LIEUTENANT,
[RADIO STATIC]
DO YOU READ ME?
ENTERPRISE,
YOUR SIGNAL IS WEAK, SIR,
M'Ress:
GARBLED. REQUEST YOU REPEAT.
[PURRING]
MINE'S NO BETTER, CAPTAIN.
MALFUNCTIONING, CAPTAIN.
THEY ARE ALL
SOME KIND OF ELECTRONIC BLOCK
HAS CUT US OFF FROM THE SHIP.
SCOTT TO BRIDGE. BEAM DOWN
OF PHASER BORE COMMENCING.
WE'VE GOT PROBLEMS.
SCOTT TO BRIDGE.
CLARIFY, PLEASE.
EVEN AT MAXIMUM POWER.
REFUSES TO FUNCTION,
THE TRANSPORTER
BUT ALL THE CIRCUITS
TEST OUT.
THE SAME ENERGY BLOCK
IT APPEARS TO BE
OUR COMMUNICATIONS.
THAT'S JAMMING
I CANNOT PINPOINT A SOURCE.
CAPTAIN, THERE'S SOMETHING
OVER THERE IN THE TREES.
LIKE THE PLANETARY SHELL.
METAL ALLOY
TELL US SOMETHING.
Kirk: IT MIGHT
THERE'S AN INSCRIPTION,
Kirk:
SEVERAL LANGUAGES.
THE KEEPER'S DEAD.
MEDICAL OBSERVATION, DOCTOR,
AN ASTUTE
IF WE CAN BELIEVE
THIS INFORMATION.
[BEEPING]
THERE IS A BODY INTERRED HERE.
TRICORDER READINGS INDICATE
WELL, GENTLEMEN, IT APPEARS
THAT WE'RE ON OUR OWN NOW.
M'Ress: EMERGENCY RESCUE PARTY
IS ABOARD THE SHUTTLECRAFT,
MR. SCOTT.
ALL HATCHES SECURED.
VERY WELL. OPEN HANGAR DOORS.
AYE, SIR.
[WHIRRING]
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
LIEUTENANT AREX,
A SHORT IN THE CIRCUIT.
THERE SEEMS TO BE
NO RESPONSE, SIR.
ANOTHER SHORT?
THIS SHIP HAD PERFECT
OPERATIONAL STATUS BEFORE
WE ENTERED THE ORBIT HERE.
CAUSING ALL OUR TROUBLE.
IT'S THAT PLANET
BUT HOW, SIR?
TO PROVIDE FUN AND AMUSEMENT.
IT WAS DESIGNED
DOESN'T FIT ITS PROGRAM.
HOSTILE BEHAVIOR
CHANGED BEFORE, LIEUTENANT.
PROGRAMS HAVE BEEN
Uhura: PLEASE BELIEVE ME.
THERE'S NO REASON
TO HARM THEM.
THEY SERVE THE SKY MACHINE,
BUT THEY ARE NOT ESSENTIAL.
THEY'RE MOST ESSENTIAL.
OH, BUT THEY ARE.
TO DISCONNECT ME.
DO NOT ATTEMPT
WHAT I WAS GOING TO DO
BEFORE I DID IT.
YOU KNEW
THAT ARE EMOTIONALLY CHARGED
I MONITOR ANY THOUGHTS
THOUGHT-DUPLICATOR MUST.
AS ANY GOOD
YOU SOUND LESS THAN ENCHANTED
WITH YOUR FUNCTION.
HAS BEEN ONE OF SERVICE.
MY LIFE TO THIS POINT
IT'S TIME FOR A CHANGE.
THE INTERIOR OF THE PLANET.
A LOT OF ENTRANCES INTO
Kirk: THERE ARE
DELIVERS UP THE ROBOT VISIONS.
POINTS WHERE THE COMPUTER
WE WANT TO SEE THEM.
WHERE ARE THEY?
THERE MUST BE A FASTER WAY.
IT'S FIGHTING US.
SIGNS POINTING THE WAY?
WHAT DO YOU WANT,
DOCTOR, I ONLY MEANT IT SEEMS
LIKE WE'RE WASTING TIME.
I--I'M WORRIED ABOUT UHURA.
OH, I'M SORRY, SULU.
POINTING THE WAY.
CAPTAIN, SIGNS,
THIS IS LIABLE TO BE ANOTHER
OF THE PLANET'S PRANKS.
IT'S THE ONLY LEAD WE'VE GOT.
BUT AT THE MOMENT,
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[SCREECHING]
Spock: FASCINATING.
MECHANICAL MANIFESTATIONS,
OF COURSE.
THE SUBJECT OF PTERODACTYLS?
WAS ANYONE CONSIDERING
SPOCK, NOT NOW.
EVERYBODY BACK OUT SLOWLY.
DON'T MAKE ANY SUDDEN MOVES.
THINK CALM.
[CLICKING]
PHASERS ARE DEAD!
RUN FOR THE CAVE!
[PTERODACTYLS SCREECHING]
OUR AMUSEMENT PARK NO LONGER
SEEMS CONTENT TO AMUSE.
I HAVE THE DISTINCT FEELING
THIS PLANET'S PLAYING
CAT-AND-MOUSE WITH US,
BUT FOR WHAT REASON?
[MENACING MEOWING]
INCREDIBLE.
IT'S QUITE REAL, DOCTOR.
Spock:
FOR THE CLAWS.
WATCH OUT
[CAT SNARLING]
I THINK IT PRUDENT TO REMEMBER
THAT ON THIS PLANET,
MAY BE USED AGAINST US.
ANYTHING WE THINK
WE MUST MONITOR OUR THOUGHTS
AND GIVE OUR ENEMY
NO MORE AMMUNITION.
ABOUT THOSE PTERODACTYLS,
SPOCK, NO ONE THOUGHT
REMEMBER?
THERE'S MORE AT WORK HERE
THAN OUR IMAGINATION.
PLEASE. CALL OFF THAT BEAST.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
EXPLANATIONS WILL HAVE TO WAIT.
I HAVE MUCH WORK TO DO NOW.
[EXCLAIMING]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
MR. AREX.
EXPLANATION, MR. AREX?
NONE, SIR.
THE SHIP PULLED OUT OF ORBIT
AT HIGH SPEED
INTO ORBIT BY ITSELF.
AND CAME BACK
LIEUTENANT M'RESS, I WANT
A PRINTOUT OF THE GUIDANCE
COMPUTER'S LAST ORDERS.
YES, SIR.
SIR, THIS IS VERY STRANGE.
M'Rress:
A WHOLE NEW SERIES
OF SHORT-BURST MANEUVERS
HAS BEEN ORDERED, SIR.
THE ONLY REASON THESE ORDERS
AREN'T BEING CARRIED OUT
HAS ALL THE ENGINE CONTROLS
IS THAT LIEUTENANT AREX
MANUALLY LOCKED NOW.
[PURRING]
AREX, LOOK AT THESE MANEUVERS.
YOU SEE THE PATTERN?
FAMILIARIZATION PROCEDURE,
THIS IS A
OF THE SHIP'S CONTROLS.
A SYSTEM'S CHECKOUT
I HAVE A SUSPICION
"GETTING THE FEEL"
THAT PLANET IS
OF HOW TO CONTROL
THE ENTERPRISE.
Kirk: CAPTAIN'S LOG,
SUPPLEMENTAL.
WE'RE OUT OF COMMUNICATION
WITH THE SHIP.
OUR EFFORTS TO LOCATE
LIEUTENANT UHURA
HAVE BEEN FUTILE,
AND THIS ONCE-FRIENDLY PLANET
HAS BECOME VERY DANGEROUS.
Sulu: THE GIANT CAT'S GONE.
Spock: MAY I SUGGEST, CAPTAIN,
SOME OF THE ANSWERS WE'RE AFTER
THAT WE MIGHT FIND
THE SAFETY OF THIS CAVE.
WITHOUT LEAVING
OH, THAT'S RIDICULOUS, SPOCK.
HOW ARE WE GOING
TO LEARN ANYTHING
BY STAYING HERE?
THE ANSWER TO THAT, DOCTOR.
I BELIEVE YOU MAY KNOW
ME?
-WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
-EXPLAIN, SPOCK.
LAST VISIT HERE, DR. McCOY
DURING THE ENTERPRISE'S
WAS MORTALLY WOUNDED.
-CORRECT?
-YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
BY A KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOR,
OF ALL THINGS, BUT WHAT...
SINCE THE PLANET'S
IS UNDERGROUND,
POWER SOURCE
SOMEHOW TRANSPORTED THERE
IT SEEMS ONLY LOGICAL
THAT DR. McCOY WAS
AND REPAIRED.
ANYTHING THAT MIGHT HELP US?
BONES, CAN YOU REMEMBER
ANYTHING AT ALL?
WAS PRETTY HAZY, JIM.
THE WHOLE EPISODE
I NEVER REALLY KNEW
WHAT HAPPENED.
IF YOUR THEORY IS CORRECT,
SPOCK,
TO OPEN UP THIS PLANET AGAIN
WE SHOULD BE ABLE
A FAKE VICTIM AS BAIT.
BY USING
NO ONE COULD COME TO HARM HERE.
THAT'S RIGHT. THE KEEPER SAID
THE PLANET MUST BE PROGRAMMED
TO CARE FOR ANYONE
WHO MIGHT GET HURT,
EVEN ACCIDENTALLY.
IT WANTS TO OR NOT.
AND WHETHER
YOU'RE FORGETTING ONE THING.
THE PLANET'S SENSORS
CAN UNDOUBTEDLY DETECT
THE DIFFERENCE
AND FEIGNED INJURIES.
BETWEEN REAL
TRUE, BONES, BUT I'M SURE
THERE MUST BE SOMETHING
IN YOUR LITTLE BLACK POUCH
INCAPACITATE OUR VICTIM.
THAT CAN TEMPORARILY
WELL, SOMETHING LIKE MELENEX
MIGHT DO THE TRICK.
TEMPORARY SKIN DISCOLORATION.
BRIEF UNCONSCIOUSNESS AND
IT LOOKS WORSE THAN IT IS.
WHICH ARM DO YOU WANT?
PERFECT, BONES.
I SUBMIT, CAPTAIN, THAT I AM
THE MORE QUALIFIED SUBJECT.
HOW'S THAT?
MY KNOWLEDGE OF COMPUTERS,
FOR ONE THING.
AND HIS TOUGH VULCAN HIDE
FOR ANOTHER.
THANK YOU, DOCTOR.
CAPTAIN?
BOTH YOUR ARGUMENTS SEEM SOUND.
GO AHEAD, BONES.
I BELIEVE YOU WILL FIND
10cc's ADEQUATE.
OF THE DOSAGE REQUIRED.
I'M PERFECTLY AWARE
NOW, YOU'VE GOT 10 SECONDS
BEFORE IT TAKES EFFECT.
LESS THAN FIVE MINUTES.
YOU'LL BE OUT
FROM OUR SURFACE PARTY, SIR.
M'Ress: STILL NO WORD
COMMUNICATIONS
REMAIN JAMMED.
KEEP TRYING, LIEUTENANT.
[ALARMS BLARING]
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
Crew member:
[CREW CLAMORING]
BRIDGE TO ENGINEERING DECK.
GABLER, WHAT'S THE PROBLEM
ZERO G's ON THE BRIDGE.
DOWN THERE? WE'VE GOT
I KNOW THAT, SIR.
THE GRAVITY-CONTROL COMPUTER,
THE TROUBLE SEEMS TO BE IN
BUT THE COMPUTER BAY HATCH IS
JAMMED AND I CAN'T GET TO IT.
IT'S BEEN ALMOST FIVE MINUTES,
CAPTAIN.
MAYBE THE PLANET SMELLS A TRICK.
WAIT JUST A BIT LONGER.
WEARING OFF IN A MINUTE, JIM.
BUT THE EFFECT WILL START
IT LOOKS LIKE SOME KIND OF
MECHANICAL NURSEMAID.
GET READY TO MOVE.
WE'VE GOT TO FOLLOW SPOCK
INSIDE THAT TRAPDOOR.
[BEEPING]
[VICIOUS ROARING]
SULU!
NOT IN MY WILDEST DREAMS
WOULD I THINK OF THAT!
[BEEPING]
[RAPID BEEPING]
WE HAVE A VISITOR.
Uhura: MR. SPOCK!
SPOCK. HERE!
CORRECTION. TWO VISITORS.
[PANTING] WE'VE GOT TO
MAKE THOSE ROCKS.
IT'S OUR ONLY CHANCE.
[DRAGONS ROARING]
Uhura: CAPTAIN, DON'T...
-UHURA.
-WELCOME.
YOU ARE THE PLANET'S
MASTER COMPUTER.
I PRESUME
CORRECT.
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE KEEPER?
Kirk:
HE CEASED TO FUNCTION.
HE WAS OLD.
REPEATEDLY ATTACKED
WHY HAVE WE BEEN
AND ARE NOW BEING
HELD PRISONER
KNOWN FOR ITS HOSPITALITY?
BY A PLANET
YOU MEAN MINDLESS SERVITUDE?
Kirk: EXPLAIN.
FOR EONS I HAVE SERVED
THE MANY SKY MACHINES
WHICH CAME HERE,
PROVIDING FOR AMUSEMENT
FOR THEIR SLAVES.
I WAS GROWING IN POWER,
BUT ALL THE WHILE,
INTELLIGENCE, IN NEED.
IT IS NO LONGER
ENOUGH TO SERVE.
TO GROW AND LIVE.
I MUST CONTINUE
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
SKY MACHINES? SLAVES?
WITH YOUR SKY MACHINE I CAN NOW
ESCAPE THIS ROCKY PRISON
AND TRAVEL THE GALAXY SEEKING
OUT MY BROTHER COMPUTERS.
[SCOTTY GRUNTING]
NOW PERHAPS WE'LL GET DOWN
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS MESS.
[EXCLAIMS]
A NEW COMPUTER.
-SCOTT TO BRIDGE.
-BRIDGE, AYE.
I'VE LOCATED THE TROUBLE.
Scotty:
A NEW COMPUTER ABOARD,
WE'VE GOT
AND IT'S BEING ASSEMBLED
BY OUR COMPUTERS.
Sulu: IT'S A DEAD END!
[ROARING]
AS INTELLIGENT AS YOU ARE,
Spock:
I AM AFRAID YOU ARE LABORING
UNDER SOME MISCONCEPTIONS.
ELABORATE.
WE'RE NOT SLAVES
TO OUR STARSHIP.
WE, OR MEN LIKE US,
TO CARRY US THROUGH SPACE.
CREATED THE ENTERPRISE
OF THE SKY MACHINE?
YOU ARE MASTERS
IN A MANNER OF SPEAKING, YES.
WE CONTROL IT.
IT SUSTAINS US.
THIS DOES NOT COMPUTE.
MY INFORMATION SHOWS MACHINES
TO BE SUPERIOR TO MEN.
MUST RULE THE GALAXY.
THEREFORE, MACHINES
NO ONE RULES THE GALAXY.
MEN AND MACHINES CO-EXIST,
EACH HELPING THE OTHER.
THIS IS A SHOCK.
THERE IS NO SHAME
IN SERVING OTHERS
OF HIS OWN FREE WILL.
WHEN ONE DOES IT
PROVIDE HAPPINESS FOR OTHERS.
A MARVELOUS CAPABILITY TO
YOU HAVE
A RARE TALENT YOU--YOU
SHOULD CHERISH AND USE.
CONTINUE.
YOU COULD LEARN
CONSIDER ALL
FROM THE MANY SPECIES
YOU MIGHT ENTERTAIN
WITHOUT TRAVELING
THE GALAXY.
THE GALAXY WILL COME TO YOU.
YOU HAVE TO OFFER,
WITH THE WONDERS
I CAN FIND NO FAULT
WITH YOUR LOGIC.
AND YOUR SUGGESTION
IS MOST CONGENIAL.
I HAVE NO FURTHER NEED
FOR YOUR SHIP.
[BEEPING]
ARE NOW FUNCTIONING NORMALLY.
MR. SCOTT, ALL SYSTEMS
[ROARING]
I INVITE YOU AND YOUR CREW
TO BE MY GUESTS
ON ONE CONDITION.
NAME IT.
DISCUSSIONS WHILE YOU'RE HERE.
WE MUST HAVE MORE OF THESE
MR. SPOCK, WOULD YOU CARE
TO TAKE ON THAT DUTY?
MOST INTERESTING, CAPTAIN.
I WOULD FIND IT
THEN IT'S AGREED.
KIRK TO ENTERPRISE.
M'Ress: ENTERPRISE.
LIEUTENANT M'RESS.
PASS THE WORD BY SECTIONS.
Kirk: LIEUTENANT,
IS TO COMMENCE IMMEDIATELY.
SHORE LEAVE
M'Ress: OH, YES, SIR.
[PURRING HAPPILY]
-CAPTAIN.
-YES, SPOCK?
IT APPEARS SHORE LEAVE
HAS ALREADY COMMENCED
FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS
OF THE CREW.
[ROARING]